This program simulates a dessert shop where you can order any candy, dessert, or flavor of ice cream imaginable. It also keeps track of orders and gives you the option to view the best customer (customer who spent the most) and the recent customers and their associated ID's. It uses object oriented programming principles, including inheritance, polymorphism, encapsulation and abstract base classes. The program as a whole took several months, but was a lot of fun to create! 

To run the program, you will need to enter "python dessertshop.py" in the command line. After doing this, you will be prompted to create a new order. A menu should appear that will allow you to select your desired choice of dessert item, which will then prompt you to enter the specific type of each dessert item, inclduing their associated weights and or quantities 
depending on the item. The program will allow you to add as many items as you would like to your order. You can select another dessert item, or when done with your order, you can hit enter. After an order is complete, it will ask for the customer's name and preferred payment method. Please note that the default payment is always cash, but will change
based on which option you choose (cash, phone, card). This should print a receipt to the console, but should also print a receipt to the included PDF file as well. If you would like to start a new order, you will hit y, or n for no. If you select no, the program will terminate. If you select yes, you can create a new order. The program also tracks how many orders
belong to specific individuals, so if you enter the same name for your new order, it will track that person's order history. Select 5 for the admin module to view order histories and the best customer, which is the customer who has spent the most. 

This program was quite challenging, but fun to create nonetheless. My university was teaching us about object oriented programming and they tasked us to create a dessert shop using skills that we were learning throughout the semester. The project was broken down, so that I could focus on implementing a different principle of object oriented programming in my 
project each week. While this program isn't perfect, I feel like it is a good demonstration of my ability to utilize object oriented programming and break down a problem into smaller more manageable chunks. 

I hope you find the program interesting. Have fun ordering dessert!
